one question that I wish I had asked earlier in my career was just how
to properly do and even even how to write an email you know it took
me a little bit to understand that you that's probably the single most
important document of your entire career U. sensually have eighteen
lines to summarize what you've done in a year to show like the good
work that you're doing and how you're impacting mission readiness
is so I wish I'd known earlier the kind of things that it takes to
actually write a good evaluation because not only would it help me
out personally but then as you move up as a leader your sensually writing
those evaluations on your people if your horrible it at eve all
writing then your people are gonna suffer they could be doing the
best work across the board but if you can't put that down in paper and
quantify that in eighteen lines are less than your folks are gonna
get overlooked for promotions so you know ask early on how do I write
a good even I'll and what do I need to do to write those evaluations
to meet what's being looked at